1. What are your thoughts on "thick mapping in the digital humanities," and how does it differ from "mapping?"

Thick mapping differs from mapping because it is an effort to transcend beyond the idea of simply referencing to geographical locations. Instead, it is a dynamic process that adds multiple layers to mapping in order to bring out new narratives and histories. I think that thick mapping is somewhat analagous to digital humanities because they both combine humanities with technology to further broaden our understanding of the world. 

2. How does the theory of "thick mapping" inform narratives that are influencing your life?

As a statistics major, the theory of "thick mapping" reminds me to always think about the narrative behind the data that I am analyzing and that data is not just numbers. I've also used thick mapping when I did a project last year about the relationship between social vulnerability and COVID-19 case prevalence across counties in California. I calculated and mapped an index from many social vulnerability measures for each county and found out that counties with higher social vulnerability index also had higher COVID-19 cases. This process allowed me to synthesize data modeling and mapping to bring out a new story. Thick mapping has also influenced how I understand history and the present. Last quarter, I learned in INF180 (History of Visualization) that exploration maps played a crucial role in colonialism. Mapping was also useful in bringing out different narratives when I was taking ethnic studies classes like Asian American and Black Studies, especially when I was trying to see migration/immigration patterns and how those events affected setniments towards minorities. Overall, the theory of thick mapping gives me  the ability to see beyond what is superficial and get to the core of an issue. 